Update functional test to cover JWT auth (#4593)
nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric: docs/proposals/authentication-filter.md

### Invalid AuthenticationFilter Scenarios

This section covers configuration deployment scenarios for an `AuthenticationFilter` resource that would be considered invalid.

> These typically occur when the secret referenced by the `AuthenticationFilter` is miss-configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These typically occur when the secret referenced by the `AuthenticationFilter` is misconfigured.
```

  The route rule referencing multiple `AuthenticationFilters` is marked as invalid.
  Requests to any path in the invalid route rule will return a 500 error.

> A route rule with a single path in an HTTPRoute/GRPCRoute referencing a valid `AuthenticationFilter` set to `type: JWT` and `mode: Remote` where the value of `remote.url` is an unresolvable URL.

Reviewer 2: so we have only one case for JWT? But i thought we have 2 ways of JWT configurations, so there should be at least 2 valid cases.
Or do you mean we will need to repeat same tests as for basic to each JWT variation as well as to add this new case to both of them?
